README.md, before:

# defold-opensteer
A port of opensteer as a native extension for Defold based on the JS one I previously did here:
https://github.com/dlannan/opensteer/

![Pedestrian Demo](/screenshots/2024-04-14_13-12.png)
![Soccer Demo](/screenshots/2024-04-14_13-13.png)

The original OpenSteer project is available in a couple of places:

https://opensteer.sourceforge.net/

https://github.com/meshula/OpenSteer


The OpenSteer here is incomplete and only the Soccer demo and the pedestrian demo have been made operational.
There are likely a number of issues with the steering library that still need resolving.
I hope to improve this over time.

## Uses
Opensteer is a library I have used in many projects over the years (usually highly modified) to be able to achieve
a number of capabilities in simulations and games. Some of these are:
- Character control and behavior
- Vehicle traffic control and behavior
- Group management in large scale (LQDB specifically)
- Phsyics systems that need course initial collision checks

## Licenses
This project is distributed under the MIT license as OpenSteer is. 

The included assets (male and female characters) are free models from Sketchfab here:

Male Walking: https://skfb.ly/o7SrW   License: Free Standard

Female Walking: https://skfb.ly/o7Srw   License: Free Standard

Please credit the Author for this work if you use it, and make sure you follow licensing guidelines from Sketchfab.
Author: Denys Almaral
https://sketchfab.com/denysalmaral

I highly recommend his work. They were very easy to use directly from sketfab in gltf format into Defold. Thanks!

Commit message:

Updated soccer demo and assets

README.md, after:

# defold-opensteer
A port of opensteer as a native extension for Defold based on the JS one I previously did here:
https://github.com/dlannan/opensteer/

![Pedestrian Demo](/screenshots/2024-04-14_13-12.png)
![Soccer Demo](/screenshots/2024-04-21_20-25.png)
![Chase Demo](/screenshots/2024-04-21_15-01.png)

The original OpenSteer project is available in a couple of places:

https://opensteer.sourceforge.net/

https://github.com/meshula/OpenSteer

The OpenSteer here is incomplete and only the Soccer demo and the pedestrian demo have been made operational.
There are likely a number of issues with the steering library that still need resolving.
I hope to improve this over time.

## Uses
Opensteer is a library I have used in many projects over the years (usually highly modified) to be able to achieve
a number of capabilities in simulations and games. Some of these are:
- Character control and behavior
- Vehicle traffic control and behavior
- Group management in large scale (LQDB specifically)
- Phsyics systems that need course initial collision checks

## Licenses
This project is distributed under the MIT license as OpenSteer is. 

### Soccer Demo assets
The included assets from from Kenneys Games Assets
Sports Pack: https://kenney.nl/assets/sports-pack   License CCO 1.0

### Pedestrian Demo assets
The included assets (male and female characters) are free models from Sketchfab here:

Male Walking: https://skfb.ly/o7SrW   License: Free Standard

Female Walking: https://skfb.ly/o7Srw   License: Free Standard

Please credit the Author for this work if you use it, and make sure you follow licensing guidelines from Sketchfab.
Author: Denys Almaral
https://sketchfab.com/denysalmaral

I highly recommend his work. They were very easy to use directly from sketfab in gltf format into Defold. Thanks!

### Chase Demo assets

Space stars backgrounds: https://piiixl.itch.io/space    License: Free (for commercial as well - recommend attribution!)

Space Ships (voxel): https://maxparata.itch.io/voxel-spaceships    License: Free (for commercial as well - recommend attribution!)

Both the background assets and the spaceships are excellent. Highly recommend giving some attribution if you use them.
